README.md, before:

# Tech News

## Description

A Web App with great Articles on Smartphones, Tablets, Laptops and other tech. You can find the latest updates about Tech by browsing through each category.

This project is the Capstone Project for the Microverse Rails Technical Curriculum. ![microverse](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3a5835d4f56c57cec85939ac345e43fef164c178/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f4d6963726f76657273652d626c756576696f6c6574)

## Concepts of Ruby on Rails used

- Models, Views, and Controllers (MVC)
- Data Structures & Relationships
- Routing
- Migrations
- Views with forms, partials, and helpers
- RESTful design
- Adding gems for extra features
- Authentication, sessions and cookies
- Associations

## To install and run

- Clone the project repo from [GitHub](https://github.com/krishnzzz/tech-news) using `git clone https://github.com/krishnzzz/tech-news`
- Make sure [Ruby-lang](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) is installed
- Make sure [Bundler](https://bundler.io/) is installed
- Navigate to the project directory like `cd tech-news`
- Install the required gems. Run `bundle install`
- Install Javascript dependencies. Run `yarn install`
- Install the locale database. Run `rake db:migrate`
- Run `rake db:seed` to add the Default Categories or run `rake db:seed test_data=yes` to add categories with test data for Articles, Users and Votes.
- If you have problems with the gem versions try installing [RVM](https://rvm.io/)
- Launch a Rails Server using `rails server`
- Open your browser and go to `127.0.0.1:3000` or `localhost:3000`

## Live Demo


## Screenshot


## Designed With
- Ruby
- Rails
- SCSS
- Git
- Gitflows
- Rubocop
- Stylelint
- VS Code

## Contribute to this Project

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Start by:

  - Forking the project
  - Cloning the project to your local machine
  - cd into the project directory
  - Run git checkout -b your-branch-name
  - Make your contributions
  - Push your branch up to your forked repository
  - Open a Pull Request with a detailed description of the development branch of the original project for a review

## Author

👤 **Suyash Fowdar**
- Github: [@Krishnzzz](https://github.com/krishnzzz)
- LinkedIn: [Suyash Fowdar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suyash-fowdar/)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Add design reference to README

README.md, after:

# Tech News

## Description

A Web App with great Articles on Smartphones, Tablets, Laptops and other tech. You can find the latest updates about Tech by browsing through each category.

This project is the Capstone Project for the Microverse Rails Technical Curriculum. ![microverse](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3a5835d4f56c57cec85939ac345e43fef164c178/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f62616467652f4d6963726f76657273652d626c756576696f6c6574)

The project design is inspired by [Lifestyle](https://www.behance.net/gallery/14554909/liFEsTlye-Mobile-version) concept designed by [Nelson Sakwa](https://www.behance.net/sakwadesignstudio)

## Concepts of Ruby on Rails used

- Models, Views, and Controllers (MVC)
- Data Structures & Relationships
- Routing
- Migrations
- Views with forms, partials, and helpers
- RESTful design
- Adding gems for extra features
- Authentication, sessions and cookies
- Associations

## To install and run

- Clone the project repo from [GitHub](https://github.com/krishnzzz/tech-news) using `git clone https://github.com/krishnzzz/tech-news`
- Make sure [Ruby-lang](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) is installed
- Make sure [Bundler](https://bundler.io/) is installed
- Navigate to the project directory like `cd tech-news`
- Install the required gems. Run `bundle install`
- Install Javascript dependencies. Run `yarn install`
- Install the locale database. Run `rake db:migrate`
- Run `rake db:seed` to add the Default Categories or run `rake db:seed test_data=yes` to add categories with test data for Articles, Users and Votes.
- If you have problems with the gem versions try installing [RVM](https://rvm.io/)
- Launch a Rails Server using `rails server`
- Open your browser and go to `127.0.0.1:3000` or `localhost:3000`

## Live Demo


## Screenshot


## Designed With
- Ruby
- Rails
- SCSS
- Git
- Gitflows
- Rubocop
- Stylelint
- VS Code

## Contribute to this Project

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Start by:

  - Forking the project
  - Cloning the project to your local machine
  - cd into the project directory
  - Run git checkout -b your-branch-name
  - Make your contributions
  - Push your branch up to your forked repository
  - Open a Pull Request with a detailed description of the development branch of the original project for a review

## Author

👤 **Suyash Fowdar**
- Github: [@Krishnzzz](https://github.com/krishnzzz)
- LinkedIn: [Suyash Fowdar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suyash-fowdar/)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
